\documentclass[english,man]{apa6}

\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\usepackage{fixltx2e} % provides \textsubscript
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
\else % if luatex or xelatex
  \ifxetex
    \usepackage{mathspec}
    \usepackage{xltxtra,xunicode}
  \else
    \usepackage{fontspec}
  \fi
  \defaultfontfeatures{Mapping=tex-text,Scale=MatchLowercase}
  \newcommand{\euro}{â‚¬}
\fi
% use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
% use microtype if available
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{\usepackage{microtype}}{}

% Table formatting
\usepackage{longtable, booktabs}
\usepackage{lscape}
% \usepackage[counterclockwise]{rotating}   % Landscape page setup for large tables
\usepackage{multirow}		% Table styling
\usepackage{tabularx}		% Control Column width
\usepackage[flushleft]{threeparttable}	% Allows for three part tables with a specified notes section
\usepackage{threeparttablex}            % Lets threeparttable work with longtable

% Create new environments so endfloat can handle them
% \newenvironment{ltable}
%   {\begin{landscape}\begin{center}\begin{threeparttable}}
%   {\end{threeparttable}\end{center}\end{landscape}}

\newenvironment{lltable}
  {\begin{landscape}\begin{center}\begin{ThreePartTable}}
  {\end{ThreePartTable}\end{center}\end{landscape}}

  \usepackage{ifthen} % Only add declarations when endfloat package is loaded
  \ifthenelse{\equal{\string man}{\string man}}{%
   \DeclareDelayedFloatFlavor{ThreePartTable}{table} % Make endfloat play with longtable
   % \DeclareDelayedFloatFlavor{ltable}{table} % Make endfloat play with lscape
   \DeclareDelayedFloatFlavor{lltable}{table} % Make endfloat play with lscape & longtable
  }{}%



% The following enables adjusting longtable caption width to table width
% Solution found at http://golatex.de/longtable-mit-caption-so-breit-wie-die-tabelle-t15767.html
\makeatletter
\newcommand\LastLTentrywidth{1em}
\newlength\longtablewidth
\setlength{\longtablewidth}{1in}
\newcommand\getlongtablewidth{%
 \begingroup
  \ifcsname LT@\roman{LT@tables}\endcsname
  \global\longtablewidth=0pt
  \renewcommand\LT@entry[2]{\global\advance\longtablewidth by ##2\relax\gdef\LastLTentrywidth{##2}}%
  \@nameuse{LT@\roman{LT@tables}}%
  \fi
\endgroup}


  \usepackage{graphicx}
  \makeatletter
  \def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
  \def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
  \makeatother
  % Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
  % margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
  % using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
  \setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
\ifxetex
  \usepackage[setpagesize=false, % page size defined by xetex
              unicode=false, % unicode breaks when used with xetex
              xetex]{hyperref}
\else
  \usepackage[unicode=true]{hyperref}
\fi
\hypersetup{breaklinks=true,
            pdfauthor={},
            pdftitle={Some do and some don't? Accounting for possible variation in strategies.},
            colorlinks=true,
            citecolor=blue,
            urlcolor=blue,
            linkcolor=black,
            pdfborder={0 0 0}}
\urlstyle{same}  % don't use monospace font for urls

\setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
%\setlength{\parskip}{0pt plus 0pt minus 0pt}

\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em}  % prevent overfull lines

\ifxetex
  \usepackage{polyglossia}
  \setmainlanguage{}
\else
  \usepackage[english]{babel}
\fi

% Manuscript styling
\captionsetup{font=singlespacing,justification=justified}
\usepackage{csquotes}
\usepackage{upgreek}



\usepackage{tikz} % Variable definition to generate author note

% fix for \tightlist problem in pandoc 1.14
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}

% Essential manuscript parts
  \title{Some do and some don't? Accounting for possible variation in strategies.}

  \shorttitle{Variation in strategies.}


  \author{Julia M. Haaf\textsuperscript{1}~\& Jeffrey N. Rouder\textsuperscript{1, 2}}

  \def\affdep{{"", ""}}%
  \def\affcity{{"", ""}}%

  \affiliation{
    \vspace{0.5cm}
          \textsuperscript{1} University of Missouri\\
          \textsuperscript{2} University of California, Irvine  }

  \authornote{
    \newcounter{author}
    This paper was written in R-Markdown with code for data analysis
    integrated into the text. The Markdown script is open and freely
    available at
    \url{https://github.com/PerceptionAndCognitionLab/ctx-mixture}. The data
    used here are not original. We make these freely available with
    permission of the original authors at
    \url{https://github.com/PerceptionCognitionLab/data0/tree/master/contexteffects}.

                      Correspondence concerning this article should be addressed to Julia M. Haaf, 205 McAlester Hall. E-mail: \href{mailto:JHaaf@mail.missouri.edu}{\nolinkurl{JHaaf@mail.missouri.edu}}
                          }


  \abstract{A primary question in experimental psychology is whether different
people use different strategies when performing a task. In this paper,
we focus on priming and context tasks where different strategies lead to
different outcomes or effects. Consider, for example, a Stroop task
where the target word is presented in the visual periphery. A
strategy-pure case is when all people read the word quickly and
automatically such that word identity interferes with color naming. A
strategy-mixed case is as follows: Some people may choose to make an eye
movement, read the word, and exhibit a Stroop effect; others may not
make an eye movement, identify the color without reading, and show no
Stroop effect. We define strategies as tied to ordinal relations and
constraints among outcomes, and develop a family of Bayesian
hierarchical models that capture a variety of these constraints. Doing
so leads to new definitions of heterogeneity where some variation across
people is due to variation within a common strategy, while other
variation across people is due to variation of strategies. We apply this
approach to Stroop interference experiments, and a near-liminal priming
experiment where the prime may be below and above threshold for
different people.}
  \keywords{Cognitive psychometrics, Individual differences, Bayes factors, Mixture
models \\

    
  }




  \usepackage{bm}
  \usepackage{pcl}
  \usepackage{amsmath}
  \usepackage{setspace}
  \usepackage{bm}

\usepackage{amsthm}
\newtheorem{theorem}{Theorem}
\newtheorem{lemma}{Lemma}
\theoremstyle{definition}
\newtheorem{definition}{Definition}
\newtheorem{corollary}{Corollary}
\newtheorem{proposition}{Proposition}
\theoremstyle{definition}
\newtheorem{example}{Example}
\theoremstyle{remark}
\newtheorem*{remark}{Remark}
\begin{document}

\maketitle

\setcounter{secnumdepth}{0}



\emph{Some of them want to use you. Some of them want to get used by
you.} (Eurythmics, 1983)

A prevailing folk wisdom is that different people do things differently.
In cognitive sciences this folk wisdom manifests in the concept of
\emph{strategy} as being distinct from the concept of \emph{process}.
Process refers to a series of cognitive operations that a participant
may go through in completing a task. Strategy, on the other hand,
implies that the participant may have several different processing paths
to complete a task and selects among these. Take, for example, the
learning of novel alphabet arithmetic statements such as \enquote{A + 3
= D}. Useful processes for this task may be counting and recollection
from memory (Logan, 1988). We say there are multiple strategies in play
if participants use these two processes in different configurations. For
example, there may be four different strategies: 1. A participant may
solely use counting; 2. A participant may solely use recollection; 3. A
participant may use one or the other on any given trial (Rickard, 2004);
4. A participant may use both on every trial, say in a race
configuration (Logan, 1992). If every participant uses the same
strategy, we call the task a strategy-pure task. Alternatively, if
different participants engage in different strategies, we call the task
a strategy-mixed task. We note here that the choice of strategy need not
refer to a conscious act. People may automatically rely on one strategy
or another.

As researchers, we are sometimes critiqued for not accounting for
variations in strategies. For example, if we propose a race model for
alphabet arithmatic, a reviewer might ask if all people race. This is a
difficult critique, especially if reviewers assume \emph{a priori} that
multiple strategies exist. The critique raises the important question of
how to tell whether a task is strategy-pure or strategy-mixed. And
having a principled means of ruling in or ruling out the possiblity of
multiple strategies across individuals would be a generally applicable
advance for theory development in cognitive psychology. Our goal here is
just this---to present a means of addressing the multiple-strategy
question across individuals.

Providing empirical evidence for mixtures of strategies is a complicated
task. Certainly, there will be cases where it is nearly impossible to do
so. For instance, consider two very simiar processing models, say the
diffusion model (Ratcliff, 1978) and the linear ballistic accumulator
model (Brown \& Heathcote, 2008). It strikes us as impossible to detect
mixtures of these models across people.

Our approach here is to map simple behavioral outcomes to processing.
This mapping is easiest in the context of specific tasks rather than in
general. Consider a priming task, for example. In the task, participants
are flashed a prime before identifying a subsequent target stimulus. If
prime and target share features, that is if they are compatible, then we
typically observe a reduction in the time to identify the target
compared to incompatible primes. Because this is the typical effect, we
refer to it as the positive priming effect. In contrast, a negative
priming effect occurs when incompatible primes speed the identification
of a target.

To define the strategies that could be in play here, we identify three
outcomes: The first outcome is the positive effect, and it is compatible
with the prime activating the target. The second outcome is the negative
effect. If it occured here, one would think of some contrast effect. The
third outcome is no priming effect, and the strategy is that of
successful segregation and supression of the prime. Now we are ready to
define strategy-pure and strategy-mixed tasks. The priming task is
strategy-pure if all participants show the same effect---that is all
display true negative priming, all display a lack of priming, or all
display true positive priming. A priming task is strategy-mixed if there
are differences in the sign of the true effects. Perhaps some
participants have a true null effect while others have a true positive
effect.

The question then is how can we assess evidence for strategy-pure and
strategy-mixed cases when outcomes map to processing? There are two
important considerations in pursuing this question. The first is the
difference between observed and true effects. The second is the
difference between variation within a process and variation across
processes. We take these in turn:

Understanding the distinction between observed and true effects is
essential. We can certaintly graph observed effects for all individuals
in any task such as the aforementioned priming task and determine
whether everyones' observed effects are positive, negative or null. This
procedure, however, does not solve the issue as the concept of
measurement noise is disregarded. Statements about pure and mixed
strategies therefore have to refer to true effects, and a model that
incorporates noise is needed for inference.

The priming example also illustrates the second consideration of
individual variability. The distinction between variability within a
process and across processes is necessary in this setup. It is plausible
that individuals' effects may vary in size, say, one individual may have
a true \(30\) ms priming effect while another may have a true \(300\) ms
priming effect. This variability is an indicator for heterogeneity
within a process. It does not, however, imply mixed strategies. On the
other hand, if one individual has a true effect of \(-30\) ms
(indicating a negative priming effect) and another individual has a true
effect of \(30\) ms, then the task is strategy-mixed. Variation alone is
not critical; The direction of effects is.

\section{Stating evidence for
strategies}\label{stating-evidence-for-strategies}

\begin{figure}[htbp]
\centering
\includegraphics{p_files/figure-latex/classification-1.pdf}
\caption{\label{fig:classification}Individual observed effects from a
priming task ordered from lowest to highest. Shading of the points
indicates strategy according to two criteria. Dark blue points indicate
a positive priming effect for the criterion of BF\textgreater{}2. Light
or dark blue points indicate a positive priming effect for the criterion
of 80\%CIs excluding zero. White points indicate a null effect according
to both criteria.}
\end{figure}

The strategy question belies a difficult conceptual issue---how to
account for parsimony. While it is easy to wonder about multiple
strategies, it is critical to realize a multiple strategy account may
add unneeded complexity. The simplest explanation of a phenomenon is
that all people use the same strategy. In this case, the lack of
variation in process leads to simple theories that apply to all people.
The more complicated explanation is that there is variation in
strategies across individuals. One must not only specify multiple
processing possibilities but explane why certain individuals follow one
strategy while others follow different strategies. Even though the
strategy-pure explanantion is simper, it is our experience that
researchers are often quick to make a verbal argument for mixed
strategies. Indeed, we are reminded of a well-known quote commonly
attributed to Einstein: \enquote{Everything should be made as simple as
possible, but not simpler.}\footnote{See
  \url{http://quoteinvestigator.com/2011/05/13/einstein-simple/} for a
  discussion on the attribution of the quote.}

We argue that whether mixed strategies should be incorporated in a
theoretical model is an empirical question. A precedented way of
evidencing such mixed strategies is to classify individuals into
different modes of processing. A good example comes from Little,
Nosofsky, \& Denton (2011) who classified individuals as using serial,
parallel or coactive processing based on the direction and magnitude of
an interaction contrast. Figure~\ref{fig:classification} illustrates
this classification method. The figure shows the ordered effects of each
individual in a priming task.\footnote{Data comes from Pratte \& Rouder
  (2009), Experiment 2. Details on the data set can be found in the
  Application section.} As can be seen, a few people show a negative
sample effect, many people have near-zero sample effects, and a few have
substantial positive sample effects. One way of classifying people is to
draw a confidence interval around each sample effect. In the figure we
use the 80\%CIs to balance error rates. According to this classification
scheme, 23 of the 33 individuals show an effect that is not
distiguishable from zero (open dots), and 10 individuals show a positive
effect. Another classification scheme is to compute Bayes factors for
each indivdual. Figure~\ref{fig:classification} highlights the four
individuals' effects that are more compatible with an effects-model than
with the null. According to both approaches, this priming task is
strategy-mixed with some people showing an effect and others not. There
have been several mixture model approaches in psychology with the goal
of classification (e.g. Houpt \& Fific, 2017; Little et al., 2011;
Rouder, Morey, Speckman, \& Pratte, 2007).

Thiele, Haaf, \& Rouder (2017) level a difficult critique at using
classification schemes to assess the strategy question. In
classification, sample noise is misinterpreted as evidence for the
mixed-strategy conclusion. Heterogeneity is assumed, and nuisance
variation may result in both null and effect interpretations. In fact,
with an appropriate analysis to be presented subsequently, we show that
the data in Figure~\ref{fig:classification} are best understood as a
single, small, common effect with no variation across people.

To mitigate Thiele et al.'s critique, Haaf \& Rouder (2017) and Thiele
et al. (2017) developed a Bayesian model-comparison framework where some
models are explicitly strategy-pure. In this framework, a single model
is placed on the collection of individuals' effects rather than placing
separate models on each individual's effect. Take, for example, the
strategy-pure model where all individuals have a positive true priming
effect. This model is implemented by simulaneously imposing order
constraints---effects must be positive---on all individuals. How to
assess all these order-constraints simultaneously is not known in
conventional statistical frameworks. Fortunately, this assessment is
conceptually straightforward in the Bayesian framework (Gelfand, Smith,
\& Lee, 1992), and computational development is provided in Haaf \&
Rouder (2017) and Klugkist, Kato, \& Hoijtink (2005). This Bayesian
framework provides for the assessment of strategy-purity relative to an
unconstrained model that is neither strategy-pure nor strategy-mixed.
Here, we include a mixture model that is explicitly strategy-mixed.

Figure~\ref{fig:simple-model-fig} graphically depicts the core of the
models. The top row shows three strategy-pure models. Panel A is the
most simple strategy-pure model. All people have a true null effect, and
this null effect is indicated by the spike at zero. Panel B shows
another simple strategy-pure model. Here, all people have the same true
positive effect. Panel C shows a strategy-pure case with individual
variability. Here, individuals' effects follow a distribution over
positive values rather than a spike at one value. The distribution is
restricted to positive values, and it is this restriction that defines
the strategy purity. The bottom row shows two strategy-mixed models.
Panel D is a mixture model: People either have no effect with a certain
probability or they have a positive effect that follows a distribution
with a complementary probability. Models of this type are called
spike-and-slab models (George \& McCulloch, 1993; Mitchell \& Beauchamp,
1988), with the spike referencing the point mass at zero and the slab
referencing the distribution. People who are truly in the spike exhibit
a different strategy than those who are truly in the slab. Finally,
Panel E shows the usual random-effects model where individuals' true
effects follow a normal distribution. Even though the model has a
convenient mathematical form, it does not make a theoretical distinction
between strategies on an individual level. We use this model as a
none-of-the-above strategy-mixed option in cases where individual
variation truly spans positive and negative effects.

The goal here is to assess the evidence from the data for the various
models in Figure~\ref{fig:simple-model-fig}. If models in the top row
are favored, then we may favor a strategy-pure account. Alternatively,
if models in the bottom row are favored, then we may favor a
strategy-mixed account. Fortunately, Bayesian model comparison through
Bayes factors is ideal for this application.

In the next section, we provide a brief formal overview over the models
depicted in Figure~\ref{fig:simple-model-fig}. Following this, we
outline informally the Bayes factor model comparison strategy and how it
penalizes complexity by focussing on predictions. With the Bayes factors
developed, we analyze priming and Stroop interference data. While
strategy-mixed processing is rare, we can document at least one case
where it occurs.

\begin{figure}[htbp]
\centering
\includegraphics{p_files/figure-latex/simple-model-fig-1.pdf}
\caption{\label{fig:simple-model-fig}Models for pure and mixed strategies.
A./B. Pure-strategy accounts without individual variation. C.
Pure-strategy account with individual variability. D. A mixed-strategy
account where some individuals have no effect and others have a positive
effect. E. Common random-effects model that can neither exclude the
possibility of strategy-mixtures nor distinguish between strategies.}
\end{figure}

\section{Models of constraints}\label{models-of-constraints}

\begin{figure}[htbp]
\centering
\includegraphics{p_files/figure-latex/modelfig-1.pdf}
\caption{\label{fig:modelfig}Model specification and predictions for two
exemplary participants. Left column: Model specifications conditional on
specific prior settings. Middle column: Marginal model specifications
integrated over prior distributions show correlation between
individuals' effects. Right column: Resulting predictions from each
model for data. The red dots show a hypothetical data point that is best
predicted by the common-effect model (second row).}
\end{figure}

The tasks we consider here have two conditions that can be termed
\emph{compatible} and \emph{incompatible}, or more generally,
\emph{control} and \emph{treatment}. It is most convenient to discuss
the models in random-variable notation. We start with a basic linear
regression model. Let \(Y_{ijk}\) denote the response time (RT) for the
\(i\)th participant, \(i = 1, \ldots, I\), in the \(j\)th condition,
\(j = 1, 2\), and the \(k\)th trial,
\(k = 1, \ldots, K_{ij}\).\footnote{Due to data cleaning, variation in
  the number of trials per person and condition is possible.} The linear
regression model is

\begin{equation}\label{basemodel}
Y_{ijk} \sim \mbox{Normal}(\alpha_i + x_j\theta_i, \sigma^2).
\end{equation}

Here, \(\alpha_i\) is each individual's true intercept and \(\theta_i\)
is each individual's true effect. The term \(x_j\) is an indicator for
the condition, which is zero for compatible trials and one for
incompatible trials. The parameter \(\sigma^2\) is the variance of
repeated trials within a cell. The critical parameters in the model are
the true individuals' effects, \(\theta_i\). Placing constraints on
these effect parameters results in the models depicted in
Figure~\ref{fig:simple-model-fig}.

\subsubsection{Null Model}\label{null-model}

The null model is denoted as \(\calM_0\) and specifies a true effect of
zero for all individuals:

\[
  \begin{array}{llr}
\calM_0: && \theta_i = 0.\\
\end{array}
\]

This null model is more constraining than the usual null where the
average across individuals is zero. Here, in contrast, each individual
truly has no effect. An illustration of the model is shown in the first
panel in Figure~\ref{fig:modelfig}. The figure illustrates the
dimensionality of the models for two participants, and it is a guide
useful for the following models. Shown are two hypothetical
participants' true effects, \(\theta_1\) and \(\theta_2\), shown in the
figure. For the null model, \(\theta_1\) and \(\theta_2\) have to be
exactly zero. As a result, the density of the distribution of
\(\theta_i\) is a spike at zero, corresponding to the dark point at zero
in the figure. The model also corresponds to
Figure~\ref{fig:simple-model-fig}A.

\subsubsection{Common-effect Model}\label{common-effect-model}

The common-effect model, denoted \(\calM_1\), corresponds to the spike
in Figure~\ref{fig:simple-model-fig}B, and it is less constrained than
the null. Individuals share a common effect with no individual
variability,

\[
  \begin{array}{llr}
\calM_1: && \theta_i = \nu^+,\\
\end{array}
\]

where \(\nu^+\) denotes a constant, positive effect. The first panel in
the second row of Figure~\ref{fig:modelfig} shows that both \(\theta_1\)
and \(\theta_2\) are restricted to the diagonal line, depicting that
individual participants' effects have to be equal. The diagonal is
restricted to be positive to ensure that the model only accounts for
effects in the expected direction. Every individual still has the exact
same true effect, but this effect is only restricted to be positive, not
fixed to a specific value.

\subsubsection{Positive-Effects Model}\label{positive-effects-model}

The positive-effects model is denoted \(\calM_+\), and it is the first
model that introduces true individual variability. Even so, the model
still specifies strategy-purity. True individuals' effects may vary, but
are constrained to be positive:

\[
  \begin{array}{llr}
\calM_+: && \theta_i \sim \mbox{Normal}^+(\nu, g_\theta \sigma^2),\\
\end{array}
\]

where \(\mbox{Normal}^+\) refers to a normal distribution truncated
below at zero, \(\nu\) is the mean parameter for this distribution and
\(g_\theta \sigma^2\) is the variance term. The model is illustrated in
the first panel of the third row of Figure~\ref{fig:modelfig}.\footnote{For
  illustration, mean and variance of the slab are set to fixed values at
  \(\nu = 0\) and \(g_\theta \sigma^2 = .07^2\) (in seconds).} Both
\(\theta_1\) and \(\theta_2\) are restricted to be positive, but can be
different. Values closer to zero are more plausible. The model roughly
corresponds to Figure~\ref{fig:simple-model-fig}C. In both cases, the
distribution on \(\theta_i\) is restricted to positive values. Yet, the
shape in the figure is different from the one for the positive-effects
model specified here.

\subsubsection{Spike-and-slab model}\label{spike-and-slab-model}

The spike-and-slab model is denoted \(\calM_{SS}\). Here, the
distribution on \(\theta_i\) consists of two components, the spike and
the slab. Whether an individual's effect is truly in the slab or in the
spike is indicated by the parameter \(z_i\). If an effect is truly null,
\(z_i = 0\); if an effect is truly positive \(z_i = 1\). The
distribution of \(\theta_i\) conditional on \(z_i\) is

\begin{align*}
\calM_{SS}:
\qquad
\begin{array}{l}
\theta_i | (z_i = 1) \sim \mbox{Normal}^+(\nu, g_\theta \sigma^2),\\
\theta_i | (z_i = 0) = 0,
\end{array}
\end{align*}

Here, the spike corresponds to the null model and the slab corresponds
to the positive-effects model. In model specification, every individual
has some probability of being in the spike and a complementary
probability of being in the slab. The first panel in the fourth row of
Figure~\ref{fig:modelfig} shows the model specifications for two
participants. For these hypothetical individuals, four compinations of
true effects are plausible: 1. Both individuals are in the spike. In
this case, \(\theta_1\) and \(\theta_2\) have to be zero, indicated in
the figure by the dark point at (0,0). 2. Both participants are in the
slab. \(\theta_1\) and \(\theta_2\) can take on any positive value,
restricting the true effects to the upper right quadrant in the figure.,
just as with the positive-effects model. 3. \(\theta_1\) is in the slab
and \(\theta_2\) is zero. This case is represented by positive
\(\theta_1\) values on the horizontal line at \(y = 0\). 4. \(\theta_2\)
is in the slab and \(\theta_1\) is zero. This case is represented by
positive \(\theta_2\) values on the vertical line at \(x = 0\).

\subsubsection{Unconstrained Model}\label{unconstrained-model}

The unconstrained model, denoted \(\calM_u\), is the random-effects
model in Figure~\ref{fig:simple-model-fig}. Here, a normal distribution
without any constraint is placed on the individual's true effects:

\[
  \begin{array}{llr}
\calM_u: && \theta_i \sim \mbox{Normal}(\nu, g_\theta \sigma^2).\\
\end{array}
\]

The first panel in the last row of Figure~\ref{fig:modelfig} shows these
model specifications. True individuals' effects can take on any values,
and values closer to zero are more plausible. With this model, there is
no explicit way of taking differences in strategies into account.

\subsection{Prior specifications and hierarchical
constraints}\label{prior-specifications-and-hierarchical-constraints}

The five models are analyzed in a Bayesian framework. Bayesian analysis
requires a careful specification of prior distributions on parameters.
These priors are needed for parameters \(\alpha_i\), the individual
intercepts; \(\sigma^2\), the variance of responses in each
participant-by-condition cell; the collection of \(z_i\), each
individual's indicator of being in the spike or the slab; \(\nu\), the
mean of effects; and \(g_\theta\), the variance of effects in
effect-size units. The priors parameters that are common to all models
are not of particular concern. They do not affect model comparison, and
we follow Haaf \& Rouder (2017) in specification.\footnote{An exception
  are prior settings on \(z_i\), the indicators of whether an individual
  is truly in the spike or the slab. We set
  \(z_i \sim \mbox{Bernoulli}(\rho)\), where \(\rho\) is the probability
  of being in the slab. We placed a hierarchical prior on
  \(\rho \sim \mbox{Beta}(a, b)\), where \(a = b = 1\). These prior
  settings represent an equal prior probability of being in the spike or
  the slab, and changing them may influence model comparison greatly.
  For this application, we decided not to explore other settings,
  because we do not have any theoretical implications of higher slab or
  spike prior probability.} Several of the models ascribe individual
differences across true effects. In this regard, individuals should be
treated as random, and a hierarchical treatment is appropriate (Lee,
2011; Rouder \& Lu, 2005; Rouder, Lu, Morey, Sun, \& Speckman, 2008). We
model individual differences as coming from either a normal or truncated
normal with free mean and variance parameters. Prior settings on these
parameters, \(\nu\) and \(g_\theta \sigma^2\), may affect inference. In
the following, we describe the reasons for this influence. We show the
effects of reasonable ranges of prior settings on these two parameters
in the Discussion.

The shared mean parameter, \(\nu\), induces correlation between the
individuals' effects. Take, for example, the unconstrained model. We can
recast the model on \(\theta_i\) as \(\theta_i = \nu + \epsilon_i\),
where \(\nu\) remains the population mean and
\(\epsilon_i \sim \mbox{Normal}(0, g_\theta \sigma^2)\) is the
independent residual variation specific to an individual. The parameter
\(\nu\) is not given. It must be estimated. It has variability in this
regard and this variability induces a correlation between individuals'
effects. We take this variation into account by computing a marginal
model on \(\theta_i\). The marginal models are shown in the second
column of Figure~\ref{fig:modelfig}. For the the unconstrained model and
the other models that specify variability, the correlation is apparent
in the figure. This correlation induces dependency between
\(\theta_i\)s, and the resultant of this dependency is a reduction in
the dimensionality of the models. This reduction makes the unconstrained
model, for example, more similar to the common-effect model which is
important for model comparison.

\subsection{Estimation model}\label{estimation-model}

The above five models describe possible constraints on individuals'
effects. Assessing how applicable these models are to data is the core
means to determining whether a task is strategy-pure or strategy-mixed.
In the next section, we discuss a formal inferential approach---Bayes
factors--- for model comparison. Even though model comparison is the
main target, estimating parameters and visualizing them remains a tool
for understanding structure in data. When constructing an estimation
model here, we have two goals: One is to have relatively few constraints
on the parameters; the second is to respect the possibility of true null
effects. To meet these goals, we place a generalized spike-and-slab
model on \(\theta_i\).

The model has a spike at zero and a normal distribution as slab. It may
be viewed as a mix between panel A and panel E in
Figure~\ref{fig:simple-model-fig}. The distribution of each individual's
effect, \(\theta_i\), is

\begin{align*}
\theta_i | (z_i = 1) &\sim \mbox{Normal}(\nu, g_\theta \sigma^2),\\
\theta_i | (z_i = 0) &= 0.\\
\end{align*}

This spike-and-slab model, just as the unconstrained model in
Figure~\ref{fig:simple-model-fig}, cannot distinguish between
strategies. It is, however, appropriate for estimating posterior spike
and slab probabilities and the collection of \(\bftheta\).

\section{Evidence for constraints}\label{evidence-for-constraints}

In the previous sections we develop five models, the null model, the
common-effect model, the positive-effects model, the spike-and-slab
model, and the unconstrained model that embed various meaningful
constraints. Of these five, the spike-and-slab and unconstrained models
are strategy-mixed cases; the null, common-effect and positive-effects
models are stratgy-pure cases. Here, we provide a discussion on how to
state evidence for these five models in the Bayesian framework. Rather
than providing a formal discourse, which may be found in Jeffreys
(1961), Kass \& Raftery (1995), and Morey, Romeijn, \& Rouder (2016), we
provide an informal discussion that we have previously presented in
Rouder, Morey, \& Wagenmakers (2016) and Rouder (2017). Informally,
evidence for models reflects how well they predict data.

The right column of Figure~\ref{fig:modelfig} shows predictions for data
from each of the five models. These predictions are for observed
effects, \(\hat{\theta}\), for each of the two exemplary participants.
Note that predictions are defined on data while model specifications are
defined on true effects, and this difference is reflected in the plotted
quantities in the figure. For the null model, for example, \emph{true}
effects, left column, have to be exactly zero, and the \emph{observed}
effects, right column, are predicted to be near (0,0). The predictions
are affected by sample noise, inasmuch as sample noise smears the form
of the model.\footnote{More technically, the predictions are the
  integral
  \(\int_{\bm{\theta}} f(\bm{Y}|\bm{\theta})\pi(\bm{\theta})d\bm{\theta}\)
  where \(f(\bm{Y}||\bm{\theta})\) is the probability density of
  observations conditional on parameter values and \(\pi(\bm{\theta})\)
  is the probability density of the parameters.} The remaining rows of
Figure~\ref{fig:modelfig} show the predictions for the common-effect,
positive-effects, spike-and-slab, and unconstrained models. In all
cases, the precictions are smeared versions of the models.

Once the predictions are known, model comparison is simple. All we need
to do is note where the data fall. The red dots in the right column of
Figure~\ref{fig:modelfig} denote hypothetical observed participants'
effects. These observed effects, 40 ms for participant 1 and 60 ms for
participant 2, are both positive and about equal, and we might suspect
that the common-effect model does well. To measure how well, we note the
density of the prediction at the observed data point. The densities for
the models have numeric values, and we may take the ratio to describe
the relative evidence from the data for one model vs.~another. For
example, the best fitting model in the figure, the common-effect model,
has a density that is three times the value of that of the unconstrained
model. Hence, the data are predicted three times as accurately under the
common effect model than under the unconstrained model. This ratio is
the \emph{Bayes factor}, and it serves as the principled measure of
evidence for one model compared to another in the Bayesian framework.

Bayes factors are conceptually straightforward---one simply computes the
predictive densities at the observed data. Nonetheless, this computation
is often inconvenient in practice. It entails the integration of a
multidimensional integral which is often impossible in closed form and
may be slow and innacurate with numeric methods. We follow here the
development by Haaf \& Rouder (2017) who provide the details of model
comparison between the null, common-effect, positive-effects and
unconstrained models. Their development builts on analytical solutions
pioneered by Zellner \& Siow (1980) and expanded for ANOVA by Rouder,
Morey, Speckman, \& Province (2012). These analytical solutions are used
for comparisons among the null, common effect, and unconstrained models.
The development also employs the \emph{encompassing approach} introduced
by Klugkist et al. (2005). This approach may be used for comparisons
with the positive-effects model.

New to this paper are model comparisons with the spike-and-slab model.
Although the spike-and-slab model is precedented and popular, we are
unaware of any prior development for comparing it as a whole to
alternatives. Our approach is a straightforward application of the
encompassing approach. The Bayes factor between the null model and the
spike-and-slab model is given by

\[
B_{0 SS} = \frac{P(\bm{z} = \bm{0}|\bfY,\calM_{SS})}{P(\bm{z} = \bm{0}|\calM_{SS})},
\]

where the event \(\bm{z} = \bm{0}\) indicates that every individual is
in the spike. This Bayes factor is the posterior probability that all
individuals are in the spike relative to the prior probability of the
same event. The same approach can be used for comparing the
spike-and-slab model to the positive-effects model, using the posterior
and prior probabilities that every individual is in the slab.

Computation of these probabilities is straightforward in MCMC sampling.
Let \(\bm{z}[m]\) denote a vector of \(i\) samples of \(z\) (one for
each individual) on the \(m\)th iteration under the spike-and-slab
model. The \(m\)th iteration is considered evidential of the null model
if all \(I\) elements of \(\bm{z}[m]\) are zero, that is, on this
iteration, every individual's effect \(\theta_i\) is sampled from the
spike. Let \(n_{01}\) be the number of evidential iterations from the
posterior, and let \(n_{00}\) be the number of evidential iterations
from the prior. Then, the Bayes factor is

\[
B_{0 SS} = \frac{n_{01}}{n_{00}}.
\]

To compute the Bayes factor of the spike-and-slab model to the remaining
models, we use the well-known transitivity of Bayes factors (Rouder \&
Morey, 2012).

\section{Application}\label{application}

We apply the five models to three different data sets: A priming data
set provided by Pratte \& Rouder (2009), and two Stroop experiments
provided by Pratte, Rouder, Morey, \& Feng (2010). The goal here is to
answer the question wether the tasks deployed in the three experiments
are strategy-pure or strategy-mixed. We provide estimation and model
comparison results for the three data sets and discuss them in the light
of the experimental paradigms.\footnote{All analyses were conducted
  using R (3.3.1, R Core Team, 2016) and the R-packages \emph{abind}
  (1.4.5, Plate \& Heiberger, 2016), \emph{BayesFactor} (0.9.12.2, Morey
  \& Rouder, 2015), \emph{beeswarm} (0.2.3, Eklund, 2016), \emph{coda}
  (0.19.1, Plummer, Best, Cowles, \& Vines, 2006), \emph{colorspace}
  (Stauffer, Mayr, Dabernig, \& Zeileis, 2009; 1.3.2, Zeileis, Hornik,
  \& Murrell, 2009), \emph{curl} (2.8.1, Ooms, 2017), \emph{devtools}
  (1.13.2, Wickham \& Chang, 2016), \emph{diagram} (1.6.3, Soetaert,
  2014a), \emph{dotCall64} (Gerber, Moesinger, \& Furrer, 2015, 0.9.4,
  2016), \emph{fields} (9.0, Douglas Nychka, Reinhard Furrer, John
  Paige, \& Stephan Sain, 2015), \emph{gmm} (1.6.1, ChaussÃ©, 2010),
  \emph{maps} (3.2.0, Richard A. Becker, Ray Brownrigg. Enhancements by
  Thomas P Minka, \& Deckmyn., 2016), \emph{MASS} (7.3.45, Venables \&
  Ripley, 2002), \emph{Matrix} (1.2.10, Bates \& Maechler, 2017),
  \emph{MCMCpack} (1.4.0, Martin, Quinn, \& Park, 2011), \emph{msm}
  (1.6.4, Jackson, 2011), \emph{mvtnorm} (1.0.6, Genz \& Bretz, 2009;
  Wilhelm \& G, 2015), \emph{papaja} (0.1.0.9492, Aust \& Barth, 2017),
  \emph{plotrix} (3.6.5, J, 2006), \emph{sandwich} (2.3.4, Zeileis,
  2004, 2006), \emph{shape} (1.4.2, Soetaert, 2014b), \emph{spam}
  (2.1.1, Furrer \& Sain, 2010; Gerber \& Furrer, 2015),
  \emph{spatialfil} (0.15, Dinapoli \& Gatta, 2015), and \emph{tmvtnorm}
  (1.4.10, Wilhelm \& G, 2015).}

\begin{figure}[htbp]
\centering
\includegraphics{p_files/figure-latex/result-fig-1.pdf}
\caption{\label{fig:result-fig}Model estimates (left column) and Bayesian
model comparison results for A./B. the priming data set; C./D. the
location Stroop task; E./F. the color Stroop task. Left column: Crosses
show observed effects with red crosses indicating negative effects.
Points show model estimates with lighter shading indicating larger
posterior weights of being in the slab. Right column: Bayes factors for
all five models. The red frames indicate the winning model.}
\end{figure}

\subsection{Priming Data Set}\label{priming-data-set}

The priming data used here, reported by Pratte \& Rouder (2009), comes
from a number priming task.\footnote{We analyze the data from Pratte and
  Rouder's Experiment 2. In the original experiment, primes were shown
  for durations of 16, 18, or 20 ms. We combined data from the 16 and 18
  ms conditions and disregarded the difference in duration for this
  analysis. There were no apparent differences in individuals' effects
  across the included conditions.} We suspect this task is
strategy-mixed with some participants being affected by briefly
presented primes and others not being affected. In the task, numbers
were presented as primes, followed by target digits that had to be
classified as greater or less than five. There is a critical congruent
and incongruent condition: The congruent condition is when the prime and
the target are both on the same side of five, e.g.~the prime is three
and the target is four; the incongruent condition is when the prime and
the target are opposite, e.g.~the prime is eight and the target is four.
The priming effect refers to the speed-up in responding to the target in
the congruent versus the incongruent condition. Prime presentation was
brief by design, and the goal was to bring it near the threshold of
detection. Yet, it is well known that this threshold varies considerably
across people. For example, Morey, Rouder, \& Speckman (2008) report
high variability in individual threshold estimates for prime perception.
Other researchers use adaptive methods to change presentation duration
individually for each participant until identification of primes is on
chance (e.g. Dagenbach, Carr, \& Wilhelmsen, 1989). For any given
presenation duration, some individuals may be able to detect the prime
and others may not. This difference may lead to variablity in processing
with some people processing the primes and others not. Such variability
corresponds to our strategy question.

\subsubsection{Results}\label{results}

Figure~\ref{fig:result-fig}A provides two sets of parameter-estimation
results. The first set, denoted by the crosses that span from -0.02
seconds to 0.03 seconds, are the observed effects for the individuals,
and these are the same points that are plotted in
Figure~\ref{fig:classification}. Observed effects in this context are
the differences in individuals' sample means for the incongruent and
congruent conditions. Crosses are coloured red or gray to indicate
whether the observed effects are negative or positive, respectively.
Overall, effects are relatively constrained with no participant having a
more than 31 millisecond effect in absolute value. Estimates from the
hierarchical estimation model are shown in blue circles. These estimates
are posterior means of \(\theta_i\) where the averaging is across the
spike and slab components. The posterior weights of being in the slab
are denoted by the shading of the points with lighter shading
corresponding to greater weights. The 95\% credible intervals, again
across the spike and slab components, are shown by the shaded region.

We focus on the contrast between the sample effects and the model effect
estimates. Although the sample effects subtend a small range of about 50
ms, the model-based estimates subtend a much smaller range from almost
no effect to an 11 ms effect. These hierarchical estimates reflect the
range of true variation after sample noise is accounted for. The
compression is known as regularization or shrinkage, and prevents the
analyst from overstating evidence for heterogeneity. Hierarchical
regularization is an integral part of modern inference (Efron \& Morris,
1977; Lehmann \& Casella, 1998), and should always be used whereever
possible (Davis-Stober, Dana, \& Rouder, 2017). The individuals'
posterior probability of being in the slab ranges from 0.31 to 0.65.

From the model estimates, it is evident that individual effects are
tightly clustered and slighty positive with a mean of 4 ms. Yet, these
results are not sufficient to answer the strategy question. It is
unclear whether everyone has a small effect or some people have no
effect while others have a slightly larger one. To answer this question
we analyse the above models and compare them with Bayes factors. The
results are shown in Figure~\ref{fig:result-fig}B. The common-effect
model is preferred, indicating that everyone has a single, common
effect. The next most parsemonious model is the null model, where all
individuals have no effect. The best-performing strategy-mixed model is
the spike-and-slab model, and the Bayes factor between it and the
common-effect model is 31-to-1 in favor of the common-effect model. We
take this Bayes factor as evidence for strategy-purity in this task:
Everybody has a small priming effect.

\subsection{A location Stroop
experiment}\label{a-location-stroop-experiment}

Pratte et al. (2010) ran a series of Stroop and Simon interference
experiments to assess distributional correlates of these inference
effects. As part of their investigations they constructed stimuli that
could be used in either task, and with this goal, they presented the
words \enquote{LEFT} and \enquote{RIGHT} to either the left or right
side of the screen. In the Stroop tasks, participants identified the
location; in the Simon task, they identified the meaning.

In their first attempt to use these stimuli, Pratte et al. (2010) found
a 12 ms average Stroop effect. This effect is rather small compared to
known Stroop effects, and was too small for a distributional analysis.
To Pratte et al., the experiment was a failure. At the time, Pratte et
al. speculated that participants did not need to read the word to assess
the location. They could respond without even moving their eyes from
fixation, and even though reading might be automatic at fixation, it may
not be in the periphery. To encourage participants to read the word,
Pratte et al. subsequently added a few catch trials. On these catch
trials, the word \enquote{STOP} was displayed as the stimulus to the
left or right of fixation, and participants had to withhold their
response. This manipulation resulted in much larger Stroop effects.

Here we analyze data from the failed experiment where there was a small
Stroop effect of 12 ms (Experiment 2 from Pratte et al., 2010). Our
question is whether some participants used the strategy of not shifting
their attention to the word in the periphery while others did. In this
scenario, the task is strategy-mixed with some participants showing a
true Stroop effect and others showing none at all. The alternative is a
strategy-pure account where all participants exhibited a small Stroop
effect similar to the priming effect above.

\subsubsection{Results}\label{results-1}

Observed effects are shown by the crosses in
Figure~\ref{fig:result-fig}C. Of the 38 participants, 10 show an
observed negative priming effect, shown by red crosses in the figure.
The average effect is 11.90 ms with individuals' effects ranging from
-19 ms to 68 ms.

Estimates from the hierarchical estimation model are shown in blue
circles, and 95\% credible intervals are shown by the shaded region.
Again, hierarchical shrinkage is large, reducing the range from 87 ms
for observed effects to 45 ms for the model estimates. Of note is also
that the individuals' posterior probability of being in the slab varies
considerably, ranging from 0.19 to 0.99. This difference in posterior
weight suggests that some individuals are better described by the spike
while others are almost definitively in the slab.

The model comparison results in Figure~\ref{fig:result-fig}D confirm
this consideration: the Bayes factor between the spike-and-slab model
and the runner-up common-effect model is 3-to-1 in favor of the
spike-and-slab model. This Bayes factor provides slight evidence for
mixed strategies in this particular Stroop experiment.

\subsection{A color Stroop experiment}\label{a-color-stroop-experiment}

Pratte et al. (2010) ran another experiment, a more standard Stroop task
with color terms (Experiment 1 from Pratte et al., 2010). For this
experiment, in contrast to the failed Stroop experiment, we expected
task-purity with everyone showing a Stroop effect.

\subsubsection{Results}\label{results-2}

Parameter estimates are shown in Figure~\ref{fig:result-fig}E.
Individuals' observed effects are fairly large with an average of 91 ms
with only one participant showing an observed negative effect. There is
less shrinkage than for the other data sets. The range for the observed
effects is 221 ms; the range for the hierarchical estimates is 144 ms.
Posterior probabilities of being in the slab are high with only one
person having a lower probability than .85.

The model comparison results are shown in Figure~\ref{fig:result-fig}F.
Overall, there is most evidence for the positive-effects model. The
second-best model is the unconstrained model. The Bayes factor between
these two models is 8-to-1 in favor of the positive-effects model, and
this Bayes factor can be interpreted as evidence for the strategy-purity
of the task. The spike-and-slab model fares even worse with a Bayes
factor of 1-to-23 compared to the positive-effects model. The results
suggest that the Stroop task is strategy-pure --- if targets are
presented at fixation.

\section{Discussion}\label{discussion}

In this paper, we address whether people use differing strategies for
tasks where the sign of the behavioral outcome measure maps well into
different processing The example we use here is priming, and we
trichotomize the outcome into three basic relations: responses to
congruent targets are faster than to incongruent ones (positive
priming), responses to congruent targets are slower than to incongruent
ones (negative priming), and responses to congruent targets are equally
fast as to incongruent ones (no priming). Whenever a behavioral outcome
can be trichotomized this way, we can assess whether processing is
strategy-pure or strategy-mixed. Obvious applications include context
effects (e.g., Stroop, flanker, Simon etc.) and strength effects (e.g.,
stimulus strength, mnemonic strength, etc.).

The approach we take here is Bayesian model comparison across five
models: a strategy-pure null model; a strategy-pure common effect model;
a strategy pure slab model; a strategy-mixed spike-and-slab model; and a
strategy-mixed slab model. The novel element here is the usage of the
spike-and-slab model. Although spike-and-slab models are used frequently
in statistics, they are used to categorize which covariates (people in
our case) are in the spike and which are in the slab. Our usage is
novel---we ask how well this spike-and-slab structure predicts the data
relative to the other models.

Several psychologists have previously asked the related question of
whether mixtures account for data. In cognitive psychology, the most
common application is whether responses on trials are mixtures of two
bases. Falmagne (1968) was perhaps the earliest to formally explore this
notion. He asked whether response times for a given individual are the
mixture of a stimulus-driven process and a guessing process. Indeed,
this type of query has been explored in a number of domains (Klauer \&
Kellen, 2010; Province \& Rouder, 2012; e.g. Yantis, Meyer, \& Smith,
1991).

Our approach differs markedly from these previous queries. Our focus is
not on characterizing trial-by-trial variability but on variability
across individuals. We do not make as detailed commitments to specific
cognitive architectures, but provide a general approach based on ordinal
relations of less-than, same-as, and greater-than. In this regard, our
approach is more similar to latent class models used in structural
equation modeling (Skrondal \& Rabe-Hesketh, 2004). In these models,
vectors of outcome measures are assumed to come from the mixture of
latent classes of people, and the goal is to identify the classes and
categorize people into these classes. One critique of this approach is
that the models are so weakly identified that it is difficult to
reliably recover class structure (Bauer \& Curran, 2003). We avoid this
problem by restriction. We restrict our classes into three that are well
defined as the sign of the outcome measure. In summary, while our
approach is similar in some regards to previous, the statistical
development is novel in critical ways.

We apply this approach to three exemplary data sets and find, at least
for one case, some support for the mixed-strategy claim. We think,
however, that mixtures of strategies are relatively rare in cognitive
psychology where experimental paradigms are relatively well defined.
Only in cases where tasks are ill-defined, i.e.~participants have the
degrees of freedom to decide on a strategy that was not anticipated by
the researchers, mixtures may occur. This was the case in our location
Stroop example, where participants were able to avoid reading the target
words by fixating the center of the screen and still successfully
completing the task.

\subsection{Concerns}\label{concerns}

\subsubsection{Normal Specification}\label{normal-specification}

One concern with the proposed approach is the reliance on normal
parametric model specifications. The advantage of the normal
specification is computational convenience. With it, the many dimensions
of the high-dimension integrals that define the Bayes factor may be
computed symbolically to high precision. Without it, we suspect numeric
integration would be exceedingly slow and inaccurate. Yet, researchers
may be concerned about the misspecification of the normal. Here, for
example, we focus on applications with response times. RT is skewed
rather than symmetric, and the standard deviation tends to increase with
the mean (Luce, 1986; Rouder, Yue, Speckman, Pratte, \& Province, 2010;
Wagenmakers \& Brown, 2007).

We think this concern is misplaced. The main reason is that we focus on
the analysis of ordinal relations among true means. If we knew
individual's true means, then we could answer the processing questions
without any need to know or consider the true shapes or true variances.
The inference here therefore inherently has all the robustness of ANOVA
or regression, which is highly robust for skewed distributions, so long
as the left tail is thin. Indeed, RTs tend to have thin left tails that
fall off no slower than an exponential (Burbeck \& Luce, 1982; Van
Zandt, 2000 Wenger \& Gibson (2004)).

Thiele et al. (2017) addressed this concern through simulation. They
considered highly similar models and performed inference with similarly
computed Bayes factors. In simulation, they generated data from a
shifted log normal with realistic skewness and with means and variances
that varied across individuals and the manipulation. As expected, they
found exceptional robustness, and the reason is clear. The main
inferential logic is dependent only on true means, and the normal is a
perfectly fine model for assessing this quantity even when the data are
not normally distributed.

\subsubsection{Prior Sensitivity}\label{prior-sensitivity}

\begin{table}[tbp]
\begin{center}
\begin{threeparttable}
\caption{\label{tab:sensitivity-tab}Sensitivity of Bayes factors to prior settings}
\begin{tabular}{llrrrrr}
\toprule
Scale on $\nu$ & \multicolumn{1}{c}{Scale on $\epsilon$} & \multicolumn{1}{c}{$\calM_{0}$} & \multicolumn{1}{c}{$\calM_{1}$} & \multicolumn{1}{c}{$\calM_{+}$} & \multicolumn{1}{c}{$\calM_{SS}$} & \multicolumn{1}{c}{$\calM_{u}$}\\
\midrule
\bf{Priming} &  &  &  &  &  & \\
\ \ \ \bf{1/6} & \bf{1/10} & 0.12 & * & 0.01 & 0.03 & 0.02\\
\ \ \ 1/12 & 1/20 & 0.06 & * & 0.05 & 0.06 & 0.04\\
\ \ \ 1/12 & 1/5 & 0.14 & * & 0.02 & 0.04 & 0.04\\
\ \ \ 1/3 & 1/20 & 0.06 & * & 7.31e $-8$ & 0.002 & 1.06e $-5$\\
\ \ \ 1/3 & 1/5 & 0.14 & * & 3.57 e $-8$ & 9.58e $-4$ & 1.01e $-5$\\
\bf{Location Stroop} &  &  &  &  &  & \\
\ \ \ \bf{1/6} & \bf{1/10} & 4.13e $-4$ & 0.31 & 0.05 & * & 0.1\\
\ \ \ 1/12 & 1/20 & 1.18e $-4$ & 0.12 & 0.12 & * & 0.08\\
\ \ \ 1/12 & 1/5 & 2.69e $-4$ & 0.19 & 0.04 & * & 0.07\\
\ \ \ 1/3 & 1/20 & 9.87e $-5$ & 0.98 & 0 & * & 4.39e $-3$\\
\ \ \ 1/3 & 1/5 & 2.1e $-3$ & 1.36 & 6.29e $-5$ & * & 0.01\\
\bf{Color Stroop} &  &  &  &  &  & \\
\ \ \ \bf{1/6} & \bf{1/10} & 1.05e $-74$ & 1.92e $-6$ & * & 0.04 & 0.12\\
\ \ \ 1/12 & 1/20 & 1.29e $-74$ & 8.91e $-7$ & * & 0.03 & 0.05\\
\ \ \ 1/12 & 1/5 & 1.42e $-74$ & 3.01e $-6$ & * & 0.04 & 0.16\\
\ \ \ 1/3 & 1/20 & 7.34e $-75$ & 5.06e $-7$ & * & 0.03 & 0.01\\
\ \ \ 1/3 & 1/5 & 1.06e $-74$ & 2.25e $-6$ & * & 0.04 & 0.05\\
\bottomrule
\addlinespace
\end{tabular}
\begin{tablenotes}[para]
\textit{Note.} Sensitivity analysis of Bayes factor computation for all three data sets. Different settings of the scales on $\nu$ and $\epsilon$ represent a reasonable range of priors around the setting used for the main analysis (bold). The askerisks mark the winning model for each data set for the original analysis, and Bayes factors are computed for comparison to this model.
\end{tablenotes}
\end{threeparttable}
\end{center}
\end{table}

Another concern, perhaps a more pressing concern in our view, is
understanding the role and effects of the prior on inference. In
general, Bayesian models require a careful choice of priors. These
priors have an effects on inference as noted by many Bayesians. A
general idea in research is that, if two researchers run the same
experiment and obtain the same data, they should reach the same if not
similar conclusions. Yet, the priors may be chosen differently by
different researchers, and this choice may lead to differing
conclusions. To harmonize Bayesian inference with the above starting
point, many Bayesian analysts actively seek to minimize these effects by
picking likelihoods, prior parametric forms, and heuristic methods of
inference so that variation in prior settings have marginal effects
(Aitkin, 1991; Gelman, Carlin, Stern, \& Rubin, 2004; Kruschke, 2012;
Spiegelhalter, Best, Carlin, \& Linde, 2002). In contrast, Rouder et al.
(2016) argue that the goal of analysis is to add value by searching for
theoretically-meaningful structure in data. Vanpaemel (2010) and
Vanpaemel \& Lee (2012) argue that the prior is where theoretically
important constraint is encoded in the model. In our case, the prior
provides the critical constraint on the relations among individuals. We
think it is best to avoid judgments that Bayes factor model comparisons
depend too little or too much on priors. They depend on it to the degree
they do.

Here we focus on understanding the dependence of Bayes factors on a
reasonable range of prior settings and the resulting diversity of
opinions. Indeed, Haaf \& Rouder (2017) took this tactic in
understanding the diversity of results with all the models except for
the spike-and-slab-model which was not developed at the time. Here we
use a similar range of prior settings to understand the dependency on
these settings.

The critical prior settings for understanding the diversity of
conclusions come from the priors on \(\nu\) and \(\epsilon_i\) (or
\(g_\theta\)). Although they are not the primary target of inference,
the prior settings on these parameters do affect Bayes factor results. A
full discussion of the prior structures on these parameters is provided
in Haaf \& Rouder (2017), and here we review the main issues. The
critical settings are the \emph{scales} on \(\nu\) and \(\epsilon_i\),
and these settings are relative to \(\sigma\), the residual noise. In
tasks like this, with subsecond RTs, a standard deviation of repeated
response times for a given participant and a given condition is about
300 ms, and we can use this value to help set the scales. For example,
for priming and Stroop tasks, we may expect an overall effect of 50ms,
and the scale on \(\nu\) might be \(1/6\)th or \(50/300\). Likewise, if
the take the variability of individuals' effects depicted by
\(\epsilon_i\), we may expect this variation to be about 30 ms, or
\(1/10\) of the residual noise. We explore the effects of halving and
doubling these settings, which represents a reasonable range of
variation.

With these reasonable ranges of variation, we are ready to explore the
effects of prior specification on Bayes factors. These are shown in
Table \ref{tab:sensitivity-tab}. There is a fair amount of variability
in Bayes factors, and in our opinion, there should be. The range of
settings define quite different models with quite different predictions.
Nonetheless, there is a fair amount of consistency. For the priming
data, the common-effect model is preferred for all settings, with the
null-model and the spike-and-slab models as the next contenders. For the
color Stroop data, the positive-effects model is preferred for all
settings, and the ordering for the remaining models stays relatively
constant. The only data set where the preferred model varies with prior
settings is the location Stroop data: The spike-and-slab model is
preferred for the chosen settings and when the scale non \(\nu\) is
halved. These settings indicate that small average effects are expected
for all models. When the scale on \(\nu\) is doubled, i.e.~larger, about
100ms effects are expected, the Bayes factor between the common-effect
model and the spike-and-slab model is about 1, indicating that none of
the two models is preferred over the other. This Bayes factor, however,
was not extensively large from the beginning, only about 3-to-1 in favor
of the spike-and-slab model. This example illustrates how useful this
type of sensitivity analysis can be to understand the range of
conclusions that may be drawn from the data. In this case, the evidence
for the spike-and-slab model is small, and largely dependent on prior
settings. For a convincind result, more evidence for a mixed-strategy
account would is needed.

\subsubsection{Computational Issues}\label{computational-issues}

In previous work (Haaf \& Rouder, 2017; Thiele et al., 2017) we
developed the null, common-effect, positive-effects and unconstrained
models. Here we add the spike-and-slab model to the set and show it is a
worthy competitor in at least one application. The former four models
are computationally convenient, the Bayes factors can be computed quicky
using a combination of Rouder et al.'s (2012) symobic integration as
implemented in the BayesFactor package for R (Morey \& Rouder, 2015) and
Klugkist and colleagues encompassing approach (e.g. Klugkist \&
Hoijtink, 2007). Bayes factors for the spike-and-slab model, however,
while conceptually similar, is computationally far more difficult in
practice. The difficulty here is that Bayes factor computation is
reliant on Marcov-chain-Montecarlo methods. We find that convergence in
these methods is slow for the spike-and-slab model and hundreds of
thousands of iterations are needed to approximate the Bayes factor. The
good news here is that we can assess the accuracy of this approximation
fairly readily through transitivity of Bayes factors.
Figure~\ref{fig:result-fig}B/D/F illustrate this check. We can compute
the Bayes factor between the unconstrained model and the null model
either through the spike-and-slab model directly with symbolic
integration methods. We find comparable results from both methods.

Our computational difficulties illustrate that there is much work to be
done. Although Bayes factors are convenient in standard cases with
normal distributions, moving to the assessment of more custom-tailored
models of psychological process remains timely and topical.

\newpage

\section{References}\label{references}

\setlength{\parindent}{-0.5in} \setlength{\leftskip}{0.5in}

\hypertarget{refs}{}
\hypertarget{ref-Aitkin:1991}{}
Aitkin, M. (1991). Posterior Bayes factors. \emph{Journal of the Royal
Statistical Society. Series B (Methodological)}, \emph{53}(1), 111--142.
Retrieved from \url{http://www.jstor.org/stable/2345730}

\hypertarget{ref-R-papaja}{}
Aust, F., \& Barth, M. (2017). \emph{papaja: Create APA manuscripts with
R Markdown}. Retrieved from \url{https://github.com/crsh/papaja}

\hypertarget{ref-R-Matrix}{}
Bates, D., \& Maechler, M. (2017). \emph{Matrix: Sparse and dense matrix
classes and methods}. Retrieved from
\url{https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=Matrix}

\hypertarget{ref-Bauer:Curran:2003}{}
Bauer, D. J., \& Curran, P. J. (2003). Distributional assumptions of
growth mixture models: Implications for overextraction of latent
trajectory classes. \emph{Psychological Methods}, \emph{8}(3), 338.

\hypertarget{ref-Brown:Heathcote:2008}{}
Brown, S. D., \& Heathcote, A. (2008). The simplest complete model of
choice reaction time: Linear ballistic accumulation. \emph{Cognitive
Psychology}, \emph{57}, 153--178.

\hypertarget{ref-Burbeck:Luce:1982}{}
Burbeck, S. L., \& Luce, R. D. (1982). Evidence form auditory simple
reaction times for both change and level detectors. \emph{Perception \&
Psychophysics}, \emph{32}, 117--133.

\hypertarget{ref-R-gmm}{}
ChaussÃ©, P. (2010). Computing generalized method of moments and
generalized empirical likelihood with R. \emph{Journal of Statistical
Software}, \emph{34}(11), 1--35. Retrieved from
\url{http://www.jstatsoft.org/v34/i11/}

\hypertarget{ref-Dagenbach:etal:1989}{}
Dagenbach, D., Carr, T., \& Wilhelmsen, A. (1989). Task-induced
strategies and near-threshold priming: Conscious influences on
unconscious perception. \emph{Journal of Memory and Language},
\emph{28}, 412--443.

\hypertarget{ref-Davis:etal:2017}{}
Davis-Stober, C., Dana, J., \& Rouder, J. (2017). When are sample means
meaningful? The role of modern estimation in psychological science.
\emph{Open Science Framework. April}, \emph{12}.

\hypertarget{ref-R-spatialfil}{}
Dinapoli, N., \& Gatta, R. (2015). \emph{Spatialfil: Application of 2D
convolution kernel filters to matrices or 3D arrays}. Retrieved from
\url{https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=spatialfil}

\hypertarget{ref-R-fields}{}
Douglas Nychka, Reinhard Furrer, John Paige, \& Stephan Sain. (2015).
Fields: Tools for spatial data. Boulder, CO, USA: University Corporation
for Atmospheric Research.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.5065/D6W957CT}{10.5065/D6W957CT}

\hypertarget{ref-Efron:Morris:1977}{}
Efron, B., \& Morris, C. (1977). Stein's paradox in statistics.
\emph{Scientific American}, \emph{236}, 119--127.

\hypertarget{ref-R-beeswarm}{}
Eklund, A. (2016). \emph{Beeswarm: The bee swarm plot, an alternative to
stripchart}. Retrieved from
\url{https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=beeswarm}

\hypertarget{ref-Eurythmics:1983}{}
Eurythmics. (1983). Sweet dreams (are made of this). UK.

\hypertarget{ref-Falmagne:1968}{}
Falmagne, J.-C. (1968). Note on a simple fixed-point property of binary
mixtures. \emph{British Journal of Mathematical and Statistical
Psychology}, \emph{21}, 131--132.

\hypertarget{ref-R-spam_a}{}
Furrer, R., \& Sain, S. R. (2010). spam: A sparse matrix R package with
emphasis on MCMC methods for Gaussian Markov random fields.
\emph{Journal of Statistical Software}, \emph{36}(10), 1--25. Retrieved
from \url{http://www.jstatsoft.org/v36/i10/}

\hypertarget{ref-Gelfand:etal:1992}{}
Gelfand, A. E., Smith, A. F. M., \& Lee, T.-M. (1992). Bayesian analysis
of constrained parameter and truncated data problems using gibbs
sampling. \emph{Journal of the American Statistical Association},
\emph{87}(418), 523--532. Retrieved from
\url{http://www.jstor.org/stable/2290286}

\hypertarget{ref-Gelman:etal:2004}{}
Gelman, A., Carlin, J. B., Stern, H. S., \& Rubin, D. B. (2004).
\emph{Bayesian data analysis (2nd edition)}. London: Chapman; Hall.

\hypertarget{ref-R-mvtnorm}{}
Genz, A., \& Bretz, F. (2009). \emph{Computation of multivariate normal
and t probabilities}. Heidelberg: Springer-Verlag.

\hypertarget{ref-George:McCulloch:1993}{}
George, E. I., \& McCulloch, R. E. (1993). Variable selection via Gibbs
sampling. \emph{Journal of the American Statistical Association},
\emph{88}, 881--889.

\hypertarget{ref-R-spam_b}{}
Gerber, F., \& Furrer, R. (2015). Pitfalls in the implementation of
Bayesian hierarchical modeling of areal count data: An illustration
using BYM and Leroux models. \emph{Journal of Statistical Software, Code
Snippets}, \emph{63}(1), 1--32. Retrieved from
\url{http://www.jstatsoft.org/v63/c01/}

\hypertarget{ref-R-dotCall64_b}{}
Gerber, F., Moesinger, K., \& Furrer, R. (2015). Extending R packages to
support 64-bit compiled code: An illustration with spam64 and GIMMS
NDVI3g data. \emph{Computer \& Geoscience}.

\hypertarget{ref-R-dotCall64_a}{}
Gerber, F., Moesinger, K., \& Furrer, R. (2016). dotCall64: An efficient
interface to compiled C/C++ and Fortran code supporting long vectors.
\emph{R Journal}.

\hypertarget{ref-Haaf:Rouder:2017}{}
Haaf, J. M., \& Rouder, J. N. (2017). \emph{Developing constraint in
bayesian mixed models}.

\hypertarget{ref-Houpt:Fific:2017}{}
Houpt, W., J., \& Fific, M. (2017). \emph{A hierarchical bayesian
approach to distinguishing serial and parallel processing}.

\hypertarget{ref-R-plotrix}{}
J, L. (2006). Plotrix: A package in the red light district of r.
\emph{R-News}, \emph{6}(4), 8--12.

\hypertarget{ref-R-msm}{}
Jackson, C. H. (2011). Multi-state models for panel data: The msm
package for R. \emph{Journal of Statistical Software}, \emph{38}(8),
1--29. Retrieved from \url{http://www.jstatsoft.org/v38/i08/}

\hypertarget{ref-Jeffreys:1961}{}
Jeffreys, H. (1961). \emph{Theory of probability (3rd edition)}. New
York: Oxford University Press.

\hypertarget{ref-Kass:Raftery:1995}{}
Kass, R. E., \& Raftery, A. E. (1995). Bayes factors. \emph{Journal of
the American Statistical Association}, \emph{90}, 773--795.

\hypertarget{ref-Klauer:Kellen:2010}{}
Klauer, K., \& Kellen, D. (2010). Toward a complete decision model of
item and source recognition: A discrete-state approach.
\emph{Psychonomic Bulletin \& Review}, \emph{17}(4), 465--478.

\hypertarget{ref-Klugkist:Hoijtink:2007}{}
Klugkist, I., \& Hoijtink, H. (2007). The Bayes factor for inequality
and about equality constrained models. \emph{Computational Statistics \&
Data Analysis}, \emph{51}(12), 6367--6379.

\hypertarget{ref-Klugkist:etal:2005}{}
Klugkist, I., Kato, B., \& Hoijtink, H. (2005). Bayesian model selection
using encompassing priors. \emph{Statistica Neerlandica}, \emph{59},
57--69.

\hypertarget{ref-Kruschke:2012}{}
Kruschke, J. K. (2012). Bayesian estimation supersedes the \(t\) test.
\emph{Journal of Experimental Psychology: General}.

\hypertarget{ref-Lee:2011}{}
Lee, M. D. (2011). How cognitive modeling can benefit from hierarchical
Bayesian models. \emph{Journal of Mathematical Psychology}, \emph{55},
1--7.

\hypertarget{ref-Lehmann:Casella:1998}{}
Lehmann, E. L., \& Casella, G. (1998). \emph{Theory of point estimation,
2nd edition}. New York: Springer.

\hypertarget{ref-Little:etal:2011}{}
Little, D. R., Nosofsky, R. M., \& Denton, S. (2011). Response time
tests of logical-rule-based models of categorization. \emph{Journal of
Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory, and Cognition}, \emph{37},
1--27.

\hypertarget{ref-Logan:1988}{}
Logan, G. D. (1988). Towards an instance theory of automization.
\emph{Psychological Review}, \emph{95}, 492--527.

\hypertarget{ref-Logan:1992}{}
Logan, G. D. (1992). Shapes of reaction time distributions and shapes of
learning curves: A test of the instance theory of automaticity.
\emph{Journal of Experimental Psychology: Learning, Memory, and
Cognition}, \emph{18}, 883--914.

\hypertarget{ref-Luce:1986}{}
Luce, R. D. (1986). \emph{Response times}. New York: Oxford University
Press.

\hypertarget{ref-R-MCMCpack}{}
Martin, A. D., Quinn, K. M., \& Park, J. H. (2011). MCMCpack: Markov
chain monte carlo in R. \emph{Journal of Statistical Software},
\emph{42}(9), 22. Retrieved from \url{http://www.jstatsoft.org/v42/i09/}

\hypertarget{ref-Mitchell:Beauchamp:1988}{}
Mitchell, T. J., \& Beauchamp, J. J. (1988). Bayesian variable selection
in linear regression. \emph{Journal of the American Statistical
Assocation}, \emph{83}, 1023--1032.

\hypertarget{ref-R-BayesFactor}{}
Morey, R. D., \& Rouder, J. N. (2015). \emph{BayesFactor: Computation of
bayes factors for common designs}. Retrieved from
\url{https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=BayesFactor}

\hypertarget{ref-Morey:etal:2016}{}
Morey, R. D., Romeijn, J.-W., \& Rouder, J. N. (2016). The philosophy of
Bayes factors and the quantification of statistical evidence.
\emph{Journal of Mathematical Psychology}, --. Retrieved from
\url{http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0022249615000723}

\hypertarget{ref-Morey:etal:2008a}{}
Morey, R. D., Rouder, J. N., \& Speckman, P. L. (2008). A statistical
model for discriminating between subliminal and near-liminal
performance. \emph{Journal of Mathematical Psychology}, \emph{52},
21--36.

\hypertarget{ref-R-curl}{}
Ooms, J. (2017). \emph{Curl: A modern and flexible web client for r}.
Retrieved from \url{https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=curl}

\hypertarget{ref-R-abind}{}
Plate, T., \& Heiberger, R. (2016). \emph{Abind: Combine
multidimensional arrays}. Retrieved from
\url{https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=abind}

\hypertarget{ref-R-coda}{}
Plummer, M., Best, N., Cowles, K., \& Vines, K. (2006). CODA:
Convergence diagnosis and output analysis for mcmc. \emph{R News},
\emph{6}(1), 7--11. Retrieved from
\url{https://journal.r-project.org/archive/}

\hypertarget{ref-Pratte:Rouder:2009}{}
Pratte, M. S., \& Rouder, J. N. (2009). A task-difficulty artifact in
subliminal priming. \emph{Attention, Perception, \& Psychophysics},
\emph{71}, 276--283.

\hypertarget{ref-Pratte:etal:2010a}{}
Pratte, M. S., Rouder, J. N., Morey, R. D., \& Feng, C. (2010).
Exploring the differences in distributional properties between Stroop
and Simon effects using delta plots. \emph{Attention, Perception \&
Psychophysics}, \emph{72}, 2013--2025.

\hypertarget{ref-Province:Rouder:2012}{}
Province, J. M., \& Rouder, J. N. (2012). Evidence for discrete-state
processing in recognition memory. \emph{Proceedings of the National
Academy of Sciences}, \emph{109}(14357-14362).

\hypertarget{ref-R-base}{}
R Core Team. (2016). \emph{R: A language and environment for statistical
computing}. Vienna, Austria: R Foundation for Statistical Computing.
Retrieved from \url{https://www.R-project.org/}

\hypertarget{ref-Ratcliff:1978}{}
Ratcliff, R. (1978). A theory of memory retrieval. \emph{Psychological
Review}, \emph{85}, 59--108.

\hypertarget{ref-R-maps}{}
Richard A. Becker, O. S. code by, Ray Brownrigg. Enhancements by Thomas
P Minka, A. R. W. R. version by, \& Deckmyn., A. (2016). \emph{Maps:
Draw geographical maps}. Retrieved from
\url{https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=maps}

\hypertarget{ref-Rickard:2004}{}
Rickard, T. C. (2004). Strategy execution in cognitive skill learning:
An item-level test of candidate models. \emph{Journal of Experimental
Psychology: Learning, Memory, and Cognition}, \emph{30}, 65--82.

\hypertarget{ref-Rouder:etal:2017}{}
Rouder, H., J. N. (2017). \emph{From theories to models to predictions:
A bayesian model comparison approach}.

\hypertarget{ref-Rouder:Lu:2005}{}
Rouder, J. N., \& Lu, J. (2005). An introduction to Bayesian
hierarchical models with an application in the theory of signal
detection. \emph{Psychonomic Bulletin and Review}, \emph{12}, 573--604.

\hypertarget{ref-Rouder:Morey:2012}{}
Rouder, J. N., \& Morey, R. D. (2012). Default Bayes factors for model
selection in regression. \emph{Multivariate Behavioral Research},
\emph{47}, 877--903. Retrieved from
\url{http://dx.doi.org/10.1080/00273171.2012.734737}

\hypertarget{ref-Rouder:etal:2008a}{}
Rouder, J. N., Lu, J., Morey, R. D., Sun, D., \& Speckman, P. L. (2008).
A hierarchical process dissociation model. \emph{Journal of Experimental
Psychology: General}, \emph{137}, 370--389.

\hypertarget{ref-Rouder:etal:2016b}{}
Rouder, J. N., Morey, R. D., \& Wagenmakers, E.-J. (2016). The interplay
between subjectivity, statistical practice, and psychological
sciencecollabra. \emph{Collabra}, \emph{2}, 6. Retrieved from
\url{http://doi.org/10.1525/collabra.28}

\hypertarget{ref-Rouder:etal:2007b}{}
Rouder, J. N., Morey, R. D., Speckman, P. L., \& Pratte, M. S. (2007).
Detecting chance: A solution to the null sensitivity problem in
subliminal priming. \emph{Psychonomic Bulletin and Review}, \emph{14},
597--605.

\hypertarget{ref-Rouder:etal:2012}{}
Rouder, J. N., Morey, R. D., Speckman, P. L., \& Province, J. M. (2012).
Default Bayes factors for ANOVA designs. \emph{Journal of Mathematical
Psychology}, \emph{56}, 356--374. Retrieved from
\url{http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jmp.2012.08.001}

\hypertarget{ref-Rouder:etal:2010d}{}
Rouder, J. N., Yue, Y., Speckman, P. L., Pratte, M. S., \& Province, J.
M. (2010). Gradual growth vs. shape invariance in perceptual decision
making. \emph{Psychological Review}, \emph{117}, 1267--1274.

\hypertarget{ref-Skrondal:Rabe-Hesketh:2004}{}
Skrondal, A., \& Rabe-Hesketh, S. (2004). \emph{Generalized latent
variable modeling: Multilevel, longitudinal, and structural equation
models}. Boca Raton: CRC Press.

\hypertarget{ref-R-diagram}{}
Soetaert, K. (2014a). \emph{Diagram: Functions for visualising simple
graphs (networks), plotting flow diagrams}. Retrieved from
\url{https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=diagram}

\hypertarget{ref-R-shape}{}
Soetaert, K. (2014b). \emph{Shape: Functions for plotting graphical
shapes, colors}. Retrieved from
\url{https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=shape}

\hypertarget{ref-Spiegelhalter:etal:2002}{}
Spiegelhalter, D. J., Best, N. G., Carlin, B. P., \& Linde, A. van der.
(2002). Bayesian measures of model complexity and fit (with discussion).
\emph{Journal of the Royal Statistical Society, Series B (Statistical
Methodology)}, \emph{64}, 583--639.

\hypertarget{ref-R-colorspace_b}{}
Stauffer, R., Mayr, G. J., Dabernig, M., \& Zeileis, A. (2009).
Somewhere over the rainbow: How to make effective use of colors in
meteorological visualizations. \emph{Bulletin of the American
Meteorological Society}, \emph{96}(2), 203--216.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1175/BAMS-D-13-00155.1}{10.1175/BAMS-D-13-00155.1}

\hypertarget{ref-Thiele:etal:2017}{}
Thiele, J. E., Haaf, J. M., \& Rouder, J. N. (2017). \emph{Bayesian
analysis for systems factorial technology}.

\hypertarget{ref-VanZandt:2000}{}
Van Zandt, T. (2000). How to fit a response time distribution.
\emph{Psychonomic Bulletin and Review}, \emph{7}, 424--465.

\hypertarget{ref-Vanpaemel:2010}{}
Vanpaemel, W. (2010). Prior sensitivity in theory testing: An apologia
for the Bayes factor. \emph{Journal of Mathematical Psychology},
\emph{54}, 491--498.

\hypertarget{ref-Vanpaemel:Lee:2012}{}
Vanpaemel, W., \& Lee, M. D. (2012). Using priors to formalize theory:
Optimal attention and the generalized context model. \emph{Psychonomic
Bulletin \& Review}, \emph{19}, 1047--1056.

\hypertarget{ref-R-MASS}{}
Venables, W. N., \& Ripley, B. D. (2002). \emph{Modern applied
statistics with s} (Fourth.). New York: Springer. Retrieved from
\url{http://www.stats.ox.ac.uk/pub/MASS4}

\hypertarget{ref-Wagenmakers:Brown:2007}{}
Wagenmakers, E. J., \& Brown, S. (2007). On the linear relation between
the mean and the standard deviation of a response time distribution.
\emph{Psychological Review}, \emph{114}, 830--841.

\hypertarget{ref-Wenger:Gibson:2004}{}
Wenger, M. J., \& Gibson, B. S. (2004). Assing hazard functions to
assess changes in processing capacity in an attentional cuing paradigm.
\emph{Journal of Experimental Psychology: Human Perception and
Performance}, \emph{30}, 708--719.

\hypertarget{ref-R-devtools}{}
Wickham, H., \& Chang, W. (2016). \emph{Devtools: Tools to make
developing r packages easier}. Retrieved from
\url{https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=devtools}

\hypertarget{ref-R-tmvtnorm}{}
Wilhelm, S., \& G, M. B. (2015). \emph{tmvtnorm: Truncated multivariate
normal and student t distribution}. Retrieved from
\url{http://CRAN.R-project.org/package=tmvtnorm}

\hypertarget{ref-Yantis:etal:1991}{}
Yantis, S., Meyer, D. E., \& Smith, J. E. K. (1991). Anaylsis of
multinomial mixture distributions: New tests for stochastic models of
cognitive action. \emph{Psychological Bulletin}, \emph{110}, 350--374.

\hypertarget{ref-R-sandwich_a}{}
Zeileis, A. (2004). Econometric computing with hc and hac covariance
matrix estimators. \emph{Journal of Statistical Software},
\emph{11}(10), 1--17. Retrieved from
\url{http://www.jstatsoft.org/v11/i10/}

\hypertarget{ref-R-sandwich_b}{}
Zeileis, A. (2006). Object-oriented computation of sandwich estimators.
\emph{Journal of Statistical Software}, \emph{16}(9), 1--16. Retrieved
from \url{http://www.jstatsoft.org/v16/i09/.}

\hypertarget{ref-R-colorspace_a}{}
Zeileis, A., Hornik, K., \& Murrell, P. (2009). Escaping RGBland:
Selecting colors for statistical graphics. \emph{Computational
Statistics \& Data Analysis}, \emph{53}(9), 3259--3270.
doi:\href{https://doi.org/10.1016/j.csda.2008.11.033}{10.1016/j.csda.2008.11.033}

\hypertarget{ref-Zellner:Siow:1980}{}
Zellner, A., \& Siow, A. (1980). Posterior odds ratios for selected
regression hypotheses. In J. M. Bernardo, M. H. DeGroot, D. V. Lindley,
\& A. F. M. Smith (Eds.), \emph{Bayesian statistics: Proceedings of the
First International Meeting held in Valencia (Spain)} (pp. 585--603).
University of Valencia.






\end{document}
